---
layout: post
title:  "Posts"
date:   2021-08-09 22:03:08 +0300
categories: blogpost
author: Jihanger
permalink: "/:year/:month/:day/:categories/:title/"
---

General posts I write will be posted here. Unlike the poetry sections, the newest posts will be on top.


24/09/2021 - Do you believe in destiny/predetermination?
-------------
Good day to you, I hope your days become brighter with every new cycle. Today I have a weird topic to talk about, which some people might not understand completely.

Have you ever felt like everything you do throughout your life, is supposed to bring you somewhere? If you don't, let me put it in another perspective. Have you ever felt like everything you've done, brought you here, to the present moment, as it is and as it should be? Going through my old music files, I realized this. Some people like to call it destiny or predestination, meaning you don't really have any choices and everything will happen as it is supposed to be. Others say you choose what you do in life, but do you really?

No matter your perspective on life, if it's evolution or intelligent creation, it all goes down to the same focus. Humans had to evolve to a point, going through harshness and difficulties, to reach its supposed peak - I just think we hindered our physical evolution, not that we are at our peak. If your belief is that of a superior power, and that there are consequences for your wrong actions, think a bit about it. We do everything according to His plan.

Where do I want to get with this? I've always listened to electronic music, since I was in the womb. I slowly drifted to a more trancey genre, until I got into the Psytrance culture on my early adult age. I was shown the way to it, nobody told me "listen to this, listen to that". The more and more I downloaded music (which were usually in music packs), the more I saw and enjoyed the trance genre.

My time with the psytrance culture taught me a lot, it was short, but packed a powerful punch in me. It allowed me to start growing from a child to an adult, as hard as it may seem to be. I was thrown to the bottom of the pit, but I got out of it so much stronger (and going back to believing that there's an afterlife).

I hope someday, if you still haven't forgiven yourself for your wrong doings to other people, that you do. Shame and guilt are the worse feelings you can have, they cause fear. If you're afraid, you don't function properly. So don't let anyone or any institution cause shame and guilt in you, you knew what had to be done, so that you can evolve to a better person, and the best version of you in the present moment.






<hr>

14/09/2021 - Present and expected future
-------------
Hey peeps. Today I'm sharing with you what my current situation is and what I expect to come in the next 10 years. It's the first time I write or even think about this, so bear with the confusion.

I'm currently living in the middle east, managing to get basic needs as everyone here in this country is trying to. I lived my whole life in big cities, and the past two years or so I've been living in the countryside. If I remember correctly, this is where I wanted to be when I was a teenager. I think the rush and lies of the big city are getting through me, they don't appeal to me anymore.

My family and I are trying to escape the country, and we will soon be off to another place. We can't go back to a country where everything is falling a part, in case you're wondering why we don't go back to my homeland. Anyway, I hope I can continue my university here as long as it is online, since I'm almost done with it (computer science second to third year), and I don't want to transfer and lose credits when I register.

I hope I can open a business while I'm outside, and make  a living off of it, while I make games as a side project and maybe touch some people's minds and hearts with them. If the business doesn't work, I will find a developer job to fill in the time. We believe our country will be back at its feet in the future, and we will come back once it does. It's a beautiful country indeed.

Psych8tic is telling me to go and travel the world, but how am I gonna do that if I don't have the money, right? Maybe I'll be able to do it someday.

My dreams are on pause at the moment and we are just trying to get our basic needs, which have become hard to come by in this country. The first goal I have on my "life book" is to become a well known game developer/designer, something I feel deep down will happen in some sort of way that I will not expect. If I'm not mistaken, the second one is to be free from nicotine, last time I tried quitting I managed to stay more than twelve hours, a pretty good accomplishment.

My depression alter ego just said "I just wanna die". That guy can go fuck himself (just kidding, he needs care, I know).

It's funny how I treat my temporary depression state with despise while other people's I'd do everything to make them feel better, I need to be less harsh on myself.
